More details on backends in README (#56)
JuliaDiff/AbstractDifferentiation.jl: README.md

## `AbstractDifferentiation` backends

To use `AbstractDifferentiation`, first construct a backend instance `ab::AD.AbstractBackend` using your favorite differentiation package in Julia that supports `AbstractDifferentiation`.

> The following backends are made available by `AbstractDifferentiation` if their corresponding package is loaded (thanks to [Requires.jl](https://github.com/JuliaPackaging/Requires.jl)):

Reviewer: FYI this is only a workaround until the API is stabilized. Ideally these backends will be defined in the respective AD packages.

Author: Good to know! In the meantime I still think it can help users to know what's available without digging into the source code of AbstractDifferentiation.jl as I did.

Reviewer: Sure, I just wanted to point out that this will change at some point and Requires will be dropped then.

Author: ```suggestion
The following backends are temporarily made available by `AbstractDifferentiation` as soon as their corresponding package is loaded (thanks to [Requires.jl](https://github.com/JuliaPackaging/Requires.jl)).
In the long term, these backend objects are meant be defined within their respective packages to enforce the `AbstractDifferentiation` interface.
```

- `AD.ForwardDiffBackend()` for [ForwardDiff.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ForwardDiff.jl)
- `AD.FiniteDifferencesBackend()` for [FiniteDifferences.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/FiniteDifferences.jl)
- `AD.ReverseDiffBackend()` for [ReverseDiff.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ReverseDiff.jl)

> - `AD.ReverseRuleConfigBackend(ruleconfig)` for any [ChainRules.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/ChainRules.jl)-compatible reverse mode backend

Reviewer: This is always available and not dependent on Requires. `ZygoteBackend` is just a special variant of it, with `ZygoteRuleConfig` as `ruleconfig` (as you can see below). For other CR-compatible AD backends one would use their respective rule configs.

Author: Of course it is not dependent on Requires being loaded. What I meant is that AbstractDifferentation uses Requires to provide this in a transparent manner (see [here](https://github.com/JuliaDiff/AbstractDifferentiation.jl/blob/12a0e27d0f54e6300b725dfb9dafc21ef507b724/src/AbstractDifferentiation.jl#L648)).

As an AD novice, I'm not yet sure what a `RuleConfig` is, so I guess it wouldn't hurt to add an example of that too?

Reviewer: No, my point is that this backend does not use Requires. It is always available, even if you don't load any AD package.

`RuleConfig` is a CR thing: https://juliadiff.org/ChainRulesCore.jl/stable/rule_author/superpowers/ruleconfig.html
For AD packages that are compatible with CR an AD-specific `RuleConfig` should be defined: https://juliadiff.org/ChainRulesCore.jl/stable/rule_author/superpowers/ruleconfig.html#Writing-rules-that-are-only-for-your-own-AD E.g., Zygote defines a `ZygoteRuleConfig` `RuleConfig` that allows to call (back) into the Zygote AD pipeline.

You already have an example here, since `ZygoteBackend() == ReverseRuleConfigBackend(Zygote.ZygoteRuleConfig())` :smile:

Author: Ah, right, I hadn't understood that the first part of the sentence referred to `ReverseRuleConfigBackend` since the whole list was highlighted, my bad :blush:

- `AD.ZygoteBackend()` for [Zygote.jl](https://github.com/FluxML/Zygote.jl)
- `AD.TrackerBackend()` for [Tracker.jl](https://github.com/FluxML/Tracker.jl)

Here's an example:

```julia
julia> using AbstractDifferentiation

> julia> ab = AD.ZygoteBackend()
> ERROR: UndefVarError: ZygoteBackend not defined
> Stacktrace:
>  [1] getproperty(x::Module, f::Symbol)
>    @ Base ./Base.jl:35
>  [2] top-level scope
>    @ REPL[3]:1
> 

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is helpful. Maybe sufficient to just show how it works?
```suggestion
```

Author: I think it helps to underline the fact that AbstractDifferentiation won't load your package for you. Again, speaking from a beginner's perspective, this is something that I would love to know right away, and this example shows it clearly.

Reviewer: Sure, but isn't documenting this and showing the correct code sufficient? It still seems strange to me to include a failing example here. I think I don't know any package with such a Requires-setup that does show how to not do it.

Author: Your call. I just thought that it may help users unfamiliar with Requires, but maybe it does more harm than good indeed
